README.md, before:

My collection of css snippets for [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md).

### Drop caps


This snippet implements [drop caps](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Initial) in Obsidian.

The letter to alter is sourrounded by the following tags:

```html
<span style="dcaps">I</span>
```

![dropcaps](media/drop-caps.png)

### Embeddable quotes

The style of the H6 header is similar to that of the quote block. In this way multiple quotes contained in multiple files across the vault can be individually embedded.

```markdown
![[quotes#Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship. The object of persecution is persecution. The object of torture is torture. The object of power is power.]]
```

![embeddable-quotes](media/embeddable-quotes.png)

### Images

Images have rounded corners, nice hover effect, shadows and they can be aligned.

```markdown
![[image.png|center|500]]
```

![images](media/images.gif)

Commit message:

Tags are usable now, and other small changes

README.md, after:

### Drop caps

This snippet implements [drop caps](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Initial) in Obsidian. It works by assigning a specific font to a characted who has been given the 'dcaps' css class:

```html
<span style="dcaps">I</span>
```

![dropcaps](media/drop-caps.png)

This was inspired by [gwern.net](https://gwern.net/design#principles).

### Embeddable quotes

The style of the H6 header is similar to that of the quote block. In this way multiple quotes contained in multiple files across the vault can be individually embedded.

```markdown
![[quotes#Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship. The object of persecution is persecution. The object of torture is torture. The object of power is power.]]
```

![embeddable-quotes](media/embeddable-quotes.png)

### Images

Images have rounded corners, nice hover effect, shadows and they can be aligned.

```markdown
![[image.png|center|500]]
```

![images](media/images.gif)
